Another round,
doubles, straight up.
Table six is still
waiting on their dessert.Oh...
Can you help me out with that?
I got a table
full of firemen
drinking bourbon like
it's coming out of a hose.
Firemen?
Yeah, they saved
some rich clown's house
and he gave 'em
a gift certificate.
Oh, yeah.
I was the rich clown.
By the way...
tax and tip
not included.
They should've
let you burn.
[men laughing]
Here we go.
Ooh.
Four double bourbons.Thank goodness.
[laughs]
Thank you for bringing
the medicine
that alleviates my pain.
Aw, are you in pain?
Yes.
No.
You guys have fun.
Hey, wait, don't go.
I'm sorry.
I got a lot of people
hurting in here.
Yeah, but you and I
have something special.
Really?
Mm-hmm.
And what's that?
Give me your hand.
Feel it?
No.
Wait for it.
How 'bout now?
No.
Come on.
My friends are watching.
Feel it? [mouths]
WOMAN:
Whoa!
Don't worry,
I'll save you!
What are you doing?
My job.
Come on, stop.
Oh, hey.
Hello.
I'm not stealing
lobster.
Okay, you can put me down now.
I think I'm safe.
No, you're not.
Hang on.
I don't even
know your name.
It's David.
All right, then.
And I'm not stealing butter,
either.
Easy...
Here we go.
Watch your step.
I'm the one
helping you.
I was talking
to myself.
Ooh!
Okay.
I'm gonna leave now.
Do you remember
where your car is?
At the restaurant!
Do you remember
which restaurant?
I do not.
I'll, uh...
write it down for you.
I know what's
happening.
You drove me home
so you could take
advantage of me.
I already did.
Twice.
You don't remember?
I'm gonna go.
You can't leave.
We have something special.
You feel it?
You already ran that line on me.
I did? How'd it go?
Actually, quite well.
Just... please,
stay for a little while.
[quietly]:
Come on.
[mouths]
Five minutes.
Great.
I'll pour us
a couple of drinks.
Oh, I'm fine.
You go ahead.
You sure?
I'm much more charming
if you're loaded.
I was making out with you
by the Dumpsters.
You're charming enough.
Okay.
Interesting.
Lot of books, no TV.
Waitress by day,
detective by night!
Socrates, Nietzsche...
Kierkegaard.
50 Years of Playboy.
Can't really masturbate
to Socrates.
Do the other firemen
make fun of you?
They call me the Professor.
Mm...
Could be worse.
You could be Ginger or Mary Ann.
What?
Gilligan's Island.
I have a TV.
Hang on.
You have a Doctorate of
Philosophy from Stanford?
I do.
Okay, you get two more minutes.
Explain how you go
from that to fireman.
I had no choice.
After the mortgage meltdown,
the philosophy business
went right to hell.
Can I kiss you?
Look, I think
I gave you
the wrong impression
in the parking lot.
I'm really not that
kind of girl, so...
Good night.
Oh, who am I kidding?
I am so that girl.
Slut.
Oh.
Good evening, Mother.
It's really late.
Where you been?
Oh...
We got a tip
the health department
is gonna inspect the
restaurant tomorrow.
Uh-huh.
Yeah.
And one of the freezers
is leaking coolant
and it goes all over
where the fish is, so...
we all had to stay
and clean out the walk-in.
Took forever.
Almost as long as this lie.
I'm telling the truth.
Why don't you believe me?
Because your panties
are in your purse.
Oh, that.
Well, if you must know,
I had a little accident.
Really?
You would rather admit
to wetting yourself
than telling me
you were with somebody?
[sighs]
Okay.
There was a guy.
An incredible guy.
Okay, now we're talking.
Why were you
so embarrassed?
'Cause I met
him at 9:00
and had my feet behind
my ears at midnight.
And...?
That's it.
That's embarrassing.
Wow. You and I
are so different.
Tell me about him.
Ooh...
where do I start?
He's a fireman.
Like it.
He has a doctorate
in philosophy.
Boring.
[exhales]
And when his pants
came down, oh, Mom,
you could play horseshoes
on that thing.
Back to like.
So when are you
seeing him again?
I'm not.
Why?
Did you steal something
from his apartment?
No.
Who does that?
No one.
Continue.
It's just...
[sighs]
...he drinks an awful lot.
So?
What do you mean "so?"
I'm closing in on a year sober.
I can't be around
that kind of stuff.
Oh, come on.
What's the point of
building a better life
if you can't let a man
treat you like a whore
every once
in a while?
It was a one-night stand,
end of story.
Wait, how 'bout this?
You double up
on your meetings
and bang him till
his liver explodes.
Win-win.
That's great advice.
You really should
be a life coach.
You know,
you're being sarcastic,
but my probation officer
says the same thing.
[panting]
The French call the orgasm
la petite mort.
Means "the
little death."
Well, then you're
a serial killer.
This is nice.
You know what
would be nicer?
I told you I'm not
gonna do that.
I'm talking about
a little weed.
Oh.
I'm not gonna
do that either.
You mind if I...
No. No, no, no,
of course not.
So, you don't drink,
you don't
get high...
Are you, like, a
Mormon or something?
[scoffs]
There was a time
I would've thought
youwere Mormon for
just drinking and smoking.
Seriously?
Don't take this
the wrong way,
but bourbon and weed
is for babies.
Oh, my heart is
filling with love.
Yeah, well...
I'm doing the sober
thing for now.
Really?
Good for you.
I admire that.
Facing life on
life's terms
is a warrior's
path.
Well, I don't think
I'm a warrior.
No, that's exactly
what you are.
You're a
spiritual warrior.
Every Eastern philosophy
emphasizes...
[inhaling]
...physical
sobriety
to allow the
consciousness,
the ever present "I,"
the Godhead,
to merge with...
[inhales]
...the white-hot moment
of the eternal now.
[inhales]
You don't say.
Animals get it.
They live
in the now.
A hummingbird
doesn't regret
yesterday
or worry about
tomorrow
'cause that doesn't
actually exist,
except in
our minds.
[inhales]
You know, a small
TV in here
wouldn't be the worst
idea in the world.
I like you.
I think you like
everything right now.
No...
This isn't the
weed talking.
I really like you.
I think you're
an amazing woman.
Thanks.
I really
like you, too.
Can I ask you
something?
Sure.
Are sober people
allowed to do coke?
No.
You're so brave.
Be right back.
Hey, old buddy.
Remember me?
Hi, I'm Bonnie.
I'm an alcoholic.
OTHERS:
Hi, Bonnie.
And as a newly
certified life coach,
I'm also the answer
to all your problems.
Take one, and
pass it around.
Oh, Mom, no.
I don't do "no."
I'm in the "yes" game.
It's time for me
to pay forward everything
I've learned on my
remarkable journey
of sobriety.
You've been sober
for three months.
Yeah. I've been winning
And I want all of you
to win, too.
In love, at work,
and with family.
150 bucks an hour?
You want me off
your couch or not?
Veryreasonable.
After the meeting, I'll be over
by the cookies
to answer your questions.
Oh, where did you get certified?
Not that question.
Thanks for letting me share.
Christy?
Oh, you know, I'm good.
Nothing going on with me.
I'm gonna pass.
What about the
drunk fireman?
I'm passing, Mom. Mary?
Oh, thank you.
My name is Mary...
Yeah, yeah,
we know your name.
You-you sure you don't
want to tell everybody
you spent last
night staring down
the business end
of a bong?
Nope.
You're up, Mary.
Okay. Well,
my son's back in jail...
Where he belongs, Mary.
Christy, you
need to be honest
with this group.
You were the one
who encouraged me to see him.
I didn't encourage you
to start getting high.
I didn't get high!
Go ahead, Mary.
He's in jail and...?
And the Aryan Nation guys
really don't like him.
Tell him to put a
swastika on his head.
He'll be fine.
And I just wanted
you to get laid.
I didn't want you
to ruin your life.
Yeah, 'cause that's your job!
[door shuts]
Can I finish now?
Seriously?
I just had a big fight
with my daughter.
You're gonna hog
the meeting?
[tires squeal, loud crash]
What the hell
was that?!
I don't know!
CHRISTY:
Oh, my God!
Top o' the morning!
David, what are
you doing?!
That's David?
Oh, I totally get it.
And who's this enchantress
in flaid plannel?
Plaid flannel?
This is my mom,
Bonnie.
You can't just say Bonnie?
Well, Bonnie, they certainly
left the hose on a long time
when they poured you.
Totally, totally get it.
What the hell are you doing
with a fire truck?
I'm making a beer run.
What does it look like?
Come inside.
Everybody go back to bed!
There's no a fire.
It's just my daughter's
boyfriend!
He's a drunk!
Sit down. I'll make
you some coffee.
Thank you.
I can't believe you were driving
that fire truck
drunk off your ass.
What were you thinking?!
You're smarter than that.
BONNIE:
Christy?
Elvis has left the building.
Oh, boy.
Hey, do you think he needs
a life coach?
What?
I'll just give him a flier.
What's going on?
Nothing. Go to bed.Who's that?
He's... just a friend...
who's taking a nap.
You sure? He looks drunk.
Violet, please take
your brother back to bed.
Come on, Roscoe.
Remember when Mom was drunk
and we drew mustaches on her?
All right, what's the plan?
I don't know. I guess we just
let him sleep it off.
Yeah. All right,
as long as he doesn't snore.
Mom, you're sleeping with me.
I knew that.
Okay, help me out here.
Ah, look.
His emergency weed.
Keeps it in his shoe?
What an amateur.
I can't believe
I used to put my kids
through all
this craziness.
Well, at least
you never stole a fire truck.
No. Wait...
No.
You know what's
really crazy?
The more I'm with him,
the more I want to throw
my sobriety out the window
and get the party going again.
Wow.
I could use a meeting.
Could you use a meeting?
You think?
Why don't you start?
Hi, I'm Christy.
I'm an alcoholic.
Hi, Christy.
All right,
here's the thing.
I'm dating this sweet, smart,
smokinghot guy
who's just a train wreck.
And I know that
it's not good for me,
but I don't want to go back
to being alone.
That's all I got.
Thanks, Christy.
Hi, I'm Bonnie.
I'm an alcoholic.
Hi, Bonnie.
I just want to say how
proud I am of my daughter.
She is the strongest
person I know.
If I had a guy like this,
I'd be robbing banks
and shooting heroin
into my eyeballs
to keep our love alive.
This was a good idea, Mom.
Thanks.
I'm a life coach...
it's what I do.
Let's go to bed.
Yeah.
Oh...
What about the fire truck?
Ooh. He could lose his job.
Are you thinking
what I'm thinking?
Oh, yeah.
[ringtones play]
Yeah?
Why are you stopping?
It's a red light.
You're in a fire truck!
Oh, yeah. Hang on.
[siren wails]
Whoo!
Yeah!
Get in the car
with your sister.
I'll be right there.Okay.
Bye, sweetie.
Bye, Mom.
Thanks for taking everybody
to school.
No problem.
Did you talk to David yet?
I'm waiting for him
to get out of the shower.
You think he's using my loofah?
Mom.
I'm sorry.
You're doing the right thing.
I know.
Don't worry.
There'll be other hot, smart,
freshly exfoliated firemen.
No, there won't.
Yeah, probably not.
See ya later.
Morning.
Keep walking, Mom.
Hey, uh, got some
coffee here for you.
Thanks for bringing
the truck back.
Ah, it was fun.
Kind of a bitch
to parallel park, though.
Christy, I might have a problem.
Oh, you do.
I mean, you do?
Yeah. I am...
I'm crazy about you
and I cannot get you
out of my mind.
Oh. Wow.
That's it?
No other problems?
Just you.
And I can't find
my emergency weed.
Uh-huh.
Feel free to say
I'm your problem, too.
Oh, believe me,
you're a huge problem,
it's just, uh...
I'm sorry, I don't think
I can do this anymore.
What? Wh... why not?
'Cause you're still doing
the party thing,
and that's cool,
but I can't handle it.
I could lose everything.
What if I cleaned up my act?
Are you willing to do that?
I'm willing
to lie about it.
Yeah, that's
not gonna work.
I get it.
I'm sorry.
Me, too.
You're still
my hummingbird warrior.
If you ever change your mind,
you've got my number.
Yeah. 911.
Oh, come on.
Captioning sponsored by
CBS and WARNER BROS. TELEVISION
and TOYOTA.
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org